#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.3
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.10
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.6.2.post1
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via ragas
attrs==24.2.0
    # via aiohttp
backoff==2.2.1
    # via unstructured
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via unstructured
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via unstructured
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via nltk
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via unstructured-client
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   unstructured
datasets==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ragas
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
emoji==2.14.0
    # via unstructured
eval-type-backport==0.2.0
    # via unstructured-client
faiss-cpu==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
    #   triton
filetype==1.2.0
    # via unstructured
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2024.6.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.6
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   unstructured-client
huggingface-hub==0.26.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via torch
jiter==0.6.1
    # via openai
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpath-python==1.0.6
    # via unstructured-client
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.2.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
    #   ragas
langchain-community==0.2.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ragas
langchain-core==0.2.38
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   ragas
langchain-huggingface==0.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-openai==0.1.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ragas
langchain-text-splitters==0.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via unstructured
langsmith==0.1.136
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lxml==5.3.0
    # via
    #   python-pptx
    #   unstructured
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.23.0
    # via dataclasses-json
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via datasets
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   ragas
    #   unstructured-client
networkx==3.4.1
    # via torch
nltk==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   ragas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.4.5.8
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.4.127
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.4.127
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.4.127
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.1.0.70
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.2.1.3
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.5.147
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.6.1.9
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.3.1.170
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.21.5
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.4.127
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.4.127
    # via torch
openai==1.52.0
    # via
    #   langchain-openai
    #   ragas
orjson==3.10.7
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via datasets
pillow==11.0.0
    # via
    #   python-pptx
    #   sentence-transformers
propcache==0.2.0
    # via yarl
psutil==6.1.0
    # via unstructured
pyarrow==17.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   ragas
    #   unstructured-client
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via pydantic
pypdf==5.0.1
    # via unstructured-client
pysbd==0.3.4
    # via ragas
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   unstructured-client
python-iso639==2024.4.27
    # via unstructured
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via unstructured
python-pptx==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
ragas==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
rapidfuzz==3.10.0
    # via unstructured
regex==2024.9.11
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   unstructured-client
safetensors==0.4.5
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.5.2
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-huggingface
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   langdetect
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.36
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via unstructured
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.8.0
    # via
    #   langchain-openai
    #   ragas
tokenizers==0.20.1
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   transformers
torch==2.5.0
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
transformers==4.45.2
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
triton==3.1.0
    # via torch
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   python-pptx
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   unstructured-client
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
unstructured==0.15.7
    # via -r requirements.in
unstructured-client==0.26.1
    # via unstructured
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via requests
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via unstructured
xlsxwriter==3.2.0
    # via python-pptx
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via datasets
yarl==1.15.4
    # via aiohttp
